# Meeting of 2020-09-25

## _19:01:_ **Sascha**

\u55357?\u56395?

---

## _19:02:_ **Sascha**

I can hear you twice sometimes Jeremy

---

## _19:02:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

I hear him twice too

---

## _19:02:_ **BethanyG**

Yup. Me too.

---

## _19:03:_ **BethanyG**

You sound like you're rapping.  ;-)

---

## _19:03:_ **Sascha**

like an announcer at the fun fair

---

## _19:03:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

yes

---

## _19:03:_ **Sascha**

yes 

---

## _19:03:_ **Sascha**

sounds awful tho :D

---

## _19:05:_ **Sascha**

to everyone who's joining for the first time: Jeremy is actually pronounced Jeremiah

---

## _19:06:_ **Sascha**

:D

---

## _19:06:_ **Sascha**

did they publish it in the UK yet or did you pay the horrendous shipping?

---

## _19:06:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

Which book?

---

## _19:07:_ **Sascha**

Working in Public: The Making and Maintenance of Open Source Software by Nadia Eghbal

---

## _19:07:_ **Sascha**

better

---

## _19:07:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

It's better

---

## _19:07:_ **Budh Ram (or BRG)**

Better now

---

## _19:07:_ **Sascha**

nope

---

## _19:07:_ **Sascha**

nvm

---

## _19:07:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

nevermind

---

## _19:07:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

its back

---

## _19:17:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

https://github.com/exercism/v3-website/

---

## _19:20:_ **Sascha**

its a bug

---

## _19:20:_ **Sascha**

i cant mute

---

## _19:20:_ **Sascha**

yes

---

## _19:20:_ **Sascha**

thx

---

## _19:20:_ **Sascha**

(@Jim: Nice drumset!)

---

## _19:22:_ **Sascha**

https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/

---

## _19:22:_ **Sascha**

TL;DR 4 PRs = 1 T-shirt

---

## _19:23:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

I think this year you could also choose to have them plant a tree/trees? instead of a t-shirt

---

## _19:23:_ **Sascha**

yes but they're really nice and comfy t-shirts

---

## _19:23:_ **Sascha**

not a good trade :P 

---

## _19:23:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

But I already have three ;)

---

## _19:24:_ **Sascha**

https://juliacommunity.github.io/your-first-julia-pr/

---

## _19:25:_ **Sascha**

I think if we participate, we may want to promote it but not necessarily tag all issues. A lot of people seem to jump on everything that's unclaimed and tagged as #hacktoberfest in their language, without reading README or w/e so you end up invalidating plenty of PRs

---

## _19:26:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

That seems like a good idea

---

## _19:26:_ **Sascha**

We could tag meta-issues for discovery instead

---

## _19:27:_ **Sascha**

yea that sounds good

---

## _19:28:_ **Sascha**

or one per language in case people search `label:hacktoberfest language:python`

---

## _19:31:_ **Sascha**

I'd rather have many people pass along than having to tag lots of PRs as invalid

---

## _19:31:_ **Sascha**

(for people unfamiliar with it: tagging them as invalid removes them from their hacktoberfest count so their PR doesn't count toward the t-shirt)

---

## _19:32:_ **Sascha**

no

---

## _19:32:_ **Sascha**

just doing

---

## _19:34:_ **Sascha**

somewhat of a tangent: we could also organise a specific Hacktoberfest event day, they try to push that a lot this year it seems

---

## _19:34:_ **Taiyab Raja (@taiyab)**

What's happened in previous years of Hacktoberfest?

---

## _19:34:_ **Taiyab Raja (@taiyab)**

If it's mostly spam, it'll be difficult to overcome

---

## _19:34:_ **Sascha**

v2 issues yes, v3 not so much

---

## _19:36:_ **Taiyab Raja (@taiyab)**

Might be good to use it more as an opportunity for marketing, or pushing people down the funnel of doing something hard.

---

## _19:36:_ **Taiyab Raja (@taiyab)**

There are people who are gonna wanna do challenging stuff

---

## _19:41:_ **Sascha**

https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/eventkit/

---

## _19:44:_ **Sascha**

the way you describe it sounds like a good way to get cheap targetted advertisment for exercism if nothinig else

---

## _19:45:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1674

---

## _19:45:_ **BethanyG**

Yes

---

## _19:45:_ **Sascha**

yes

---

## _19:45:_ **BethanyG**

Ima reader.  :D 

---

## _19:45:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

Im a yes

---

## _19:46:_ **Mark Simpson (mjs)**

my lack of reading is not a comment upon you Erik :)

---

## _19:46:_ **Jim Miller**

Not yet, no.

---

## _19:46:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

Good!

---

## _19:46:_ **BethanyG**

um....

---

## _19:47:_ **Budh Ram (or BRG)**

Quite new to exercism still :) need a week or couple to get some insights but should be ready for hactoberfest ;)

---

## _19:47:_ **Sascha**

i hate it too 

---

## _19:47:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

Sorry, cats were getting into something upstairs

---

## _19:47:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

[canonical-te

---

## _19:47:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

It's TOML!

---

## _19:48:_ **Sascha**

Let's change all of it to TOML!

---

## _19:48:_ **Brooks (TheLostLambda)**

Are unlisted tests false by default?

---

## _19:49:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

I believe so

---

## _19:50:_ **Sascha**

https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/1674 btw

---

## _19:53:_ **Sascha**

It makes it clear that you considered a test but decided against adding it and you could potentially add context to why too

---

## _19:54:_ **Brooks (TheLostLambda)**

:+1:

---

## _19:54:_ **Brooks (TheLostLambda)**

(It was worth a try...)

---

## _19:56:_ **Sascha**

I liked the recent issue that involved math proofs

---

## _19:58:_ **Sascha**

(I didn't say that)

---

## _19:58:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

My new example was futures vs promises :)

---

## _19:58:_ **Sascha**

^ a much better example indeed

---

## _19:58:_ **Sascha**

I said the example was nonsense not that methods don't exist

---

## _19:59:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

And you were right :)

---

## _19:59:_ **Tim (neenjaw)**

>90% is good, but probably >95% is his normal

---

## _20:02:_ **Taiyab Raja (@taiyab)**

I've got something to say but can only unmute when I'm about to talk!

---

## _20:02:_ **Mark Simpson (mjs)**

trick? or treat?

---

## _20:02:_ **Erik (@ErikSchierboom)**

Both? :P

---

## _20:06:_ **Sascha**

\u8987?\u8987?\u8987?\u8987?\u8987?\u8987?\u8987?

---

## _20:06:_ **Sascha**

bye

---

## _20:06:_ **BethanyG**

Bye

---

# End of meeting
