# Meeting of 22-05-2020

_18:59_

**Sascha**

👋

---
_19:00_

**BethanyG**

Hiya!

---
_19:01_

**Sascha**

it's closer to normal here again :) 

---
_19:03_

**Sascha**

I thought that too but the number of new infections is going down again. Mostly some very local breakouts

---
_19:04_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

Not like Netherlands really had a mandatory lockdown anyway

---
_19:04_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

5-10 days from super-spreader events is when things pick up.

---
_19:05_

**Sascha**

Is it connected to your home wifi?

---
_19:05_

**Sascha**

Let's hack Exercism through your mug

---
_19:06_

**Sascha**

brb

---
_19:07_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

This chat will be link-less

---
_19:10_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

I will try, big shoes to fill

---
_19:10_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1482

---
_19:10_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

Elixir is 18, though some generated by `mix`

---
_19:10_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Those don't count :P

---
_19:11_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

Just going to line additions count, gotta keep my #6 contributor status :P

---
_19:11_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

https://github.com/hintjens/socialarchitecture/blob/5df33c4d533e280a9c52707dc1b23c4e7e954f34/ch04.txt#L204-L244

---
_19:13_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Example: https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1497 I've left some comments, but it is definitely good enough to merge

---
_19:15_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1489 <-- an example of the 3 file initial PR

---
_19:15_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1486 <- another example

---
_19:18_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

@Sascha TODO's!

---
_19:18_

**Sascha**

🎉🎉🎉🎉

---
_19:19_

**Sascha**

🍾🍾🍾

---
_19:21_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Regarding the versioning: https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1464

---
_19:22_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Example of improve issue: https://github.com/exercism/v3/issues/1300

---
_19:24_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

I have spent more time this week making detailed action points in issues and then almost immediately got a new maintainer to sign on

---
_19:24_

**BethanyG**

WOOT!

---
_19:25_

**Taiyab Raja**

Awesoem

---
_19:25_

**Taiyab Raja**

Awesome*

---
_19:25_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Shoutout to Angelika!

---
_19:25_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

I dont think we've had 'that' much progress on the Python track, but I'm currently working on one, I am not sure where other contributors are with their exercises.

---
_19:26_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

It has been quite revitalizing to have a fresh set of eyes actively contributing PRs

---
_19:26_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

@Job is there someone sort of "in the lead" for the Python track? Someone that keeps track of progress?

---
_19:27_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Erik Yawpitch was an active contributer deffinetly, so we need to try and fill his shoes

---
_19:28_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

I have full confidence I you all :)

---
_19:29_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

Thanks, I think we'll be alright with the amount of contributors we have

---
_19:29_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Let me know if I can help

---
_19:29_

**BethanyG**

@job - at the bottom of this page, there is a tracking table.  https://github.com/exercism/v3/tree/master/languages/python/reference  Not perfect, but we are trying to keep track

---
_19:29_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

(Although I'm not sure how many of thos contributors are very active)

---
_19:30_

**BethanyG**

There is also a to-do list here:  https://github.com/exercism/v3/projects/13#card-35710681

---
_19:30_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

@Bethany That looks very useful!

---
_19:30_

**BethanyG**

very open to suggestions to improve both the table and the to-dos.  :-)

---
_19:31_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Bethany, is there some way to add who is actively working on it?

---
_19:31_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

Looks great though

---
_19:31_

**Jeremy Walker (iHiD)**

https://gist.github.com/SaschaMann/198275e87b0724050be58844ce4977da\

---
_19:32_

**BethanyG**

oooh.  Shiny. 

---
_19:32_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

@Sascha FTW! And also DJ

---
_19:32_

**Sascha**

DJ designed most of it :) 

---
_19:33_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

Ooooooooooh, this is great!

---
_19:33_

**Taiyab Raja**

DJ and Sascha making moves :D

---
_19:33_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

https://github.com/exercism/v3/pull/1499

---
_19:34_

**Sascha**

it's commented out

---
_19:34_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Is it a TODO? ;)

---
_19:34_

**Jeremy Walker (iHiD)**

https://gist.github.com/SaschaMann/7195698acc1732a953d05bcd4b69cbe9#file-news-md

---
_19:34_

**Sascha**

yes

---
_19:35_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

Brilliant

---
_19:40_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

Agreed, the difficulty ratings are a frequent issue by well-meaning students on the elixir track

---
_19:40_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

I'm not sure if other tracks have done this, but should we just make a thread in Slack with a big list of what has to be done in that track, so we just remind people what they can do, because I think not a lot of people 'really' know what they can do with contributing. I can try to put one together for Python :)

---
_19:40_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

(Just to remind people)

---
_19:40_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

https://github.com/exercism/elixir/issues/534

---
_19:42_

**Erik (@erikschierboom)**

@Job I don't know how other tracks do this. Having GitHub issues created (which you do for Python I believe) is a great start. I don't know if maybe have a sticky message with links to e.g. those issues (or even better, a search that lists all those issues) would be nice

---
_19:42_

**Taiyab Raja**

@Job Something that posts in the Slack every week or something would be cool. Maybe on a Friday evening.

---
_19:43_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Erik, yes that's I think a good idea

---
_19:43_

**BethanyG**

@job - posting status into Slack from GitHub might be good, but I worry about keeping them in sync, so a Github-centered solution would be good.

---
_19:43_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Taiyab Yes something like that

---
_19:44_

**Sascha**

It looks like a button they want you to press due to the design 

---
_19:44_

**Tim (@neenjaw)**

It risks devolving to StackOverflow

---
_19:44_

**Sascha**

https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/159 (just for testing)

---
_19:45_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Bethany, so we can make like the 'news' page that Sascha made, and we'll put a link with a summary in the Slack channel every week

---
_19:45_

**Sascha**

Right now it feels like Q&A rather than discussions

---
_19:53_

**Sascha**

@Job: It would be fairly straightforward to generate track-specific NEWS in addition to it. 

---
_19:54_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Sascha Yes, great idea, I'll work on it. What does @BethanyG think of it? 

---
_19:56_

**BethanyG**

Sure - but let's discuss via slack after this.  Just so we are on the same page as to what we'd pull, and how we are currently tracking, etc. etc.  Having a hard time multitasking atm.  :-) 

---
_19:58_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@BethanyG Yeah, let's take our time with working on stuff like this, especially with all this "quarintine" going on. School is also giving me lots and lots of homework and Im trying to combine that with Exercism and learning C# too XD

---
_19:59_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

So no pressure on this 'NEWS' thing

---
_20:00_

**Sascha**

⌛

---
_20:01_

**J08K (Job van der Wal)**

@Bethany, I'll put up a thread in Slack to tell people what it would be like and ask them for feedback and if they want it

---
# End of meeting