**S**

_19:02_


ditch the video and use gaming voip, it's been working great for decades :P

**S**

_19:02_


Btw, is there a way to stop the grid from jumping around whenever someone joins/parts? it's a bit confusing everytime it happens

**SC**

_19:02_


I teach remotely via webcam for my day job. Students not turning on their webcams is definitely unnerving.

A**T**

_19:04_


Is it considered more polite to turn on the camera even if I intend to just lurk? I'm not sure how this software handles so many video feeds.

**D**

_19:04_


IMA be sorta inactive but definitely just ping if someone needs anything from me

**D**

_19:05_


I can't be captain links today because I'm on my phone!

**D**

_19:05_


Whomstve wants to be captain links?

**D**

_19:06_


Eli isn't here I think. Tim?

**T**

_19:06_


Promoted!

**D**

_19:06_


(sorry not sorry)

**D**

_19:06_


Hahahaha

**S**

_19:06_


Congrats, Tim!

**D**

_19:06_


❤❤

**R**

_19:06_


New here! ✌🏾

**CG**

_19:07_


i'm a fly on the wall - still pretty newb. ignore me!

**D**

_19:08_


Newbies make the best people to ask questions because we're all stuck in our own little world!

**T**

_19:10_


https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1482 <-- discussion, making contributions easier

**T**

_19:10_


optimistic merging: https://github.com/hintjens/socialarchitecture/blob/5df33c4d533e280a9c52707dc1b23c4e7e954f34/ch04.txt#L204-L244

**S**

_19:11_


https://gist.github.com/SaschaMann/198275e87b0724050be58844ce4977da

_19:13_

E**S**


https://v3.exercism.io/

**T**

_19:13_


thanks erik!

E**S**

_19:13_

E**S**


Thanks DJ for basically 95% of the code ;)

E**S**

_19:14_

E**S**


https://tracks.exercism.io/

**T**

_19:14_


tracks.exercism.io

**D**

_19:14_


We'll link from tracks to v3 of course

**D**

_19:16_


Also: graph is coming. Im just slammed right now with making sure we don't go bankrupt this year 🤭😅🔥🔥🔥

**S**

_19:18_


Does it use GH's noreply email or the exercism account email for the commit?

E**S**

_19:18_

E**S**


The Exercism account user/email

M**S**

_19:18_


that's why you sign your commits!

**S**

_19:19_


@Erik: Should add a warning about that on the site, since it exposes your email publicly forever in the git history

E**S**

_19:19_

E**S**


Right. Good addition. https://github.com/exercism/v3-dashboard/issues for issues ;)

**S**

_19:20_


Will the opposite also hold true, i.e. can one ignore the v3 site and just use GH directly?

E**S**

_19:20_

E**S**


Absolutely

E**S**

_19:21_

E**S**


This is just a convenience, particularly designed for new contributors

**S**

_19:21_


👍

**T**

_19:22_


Looks like a good way to onboard people for the structure

**GN**

_19:23_


Basically I'd like to see this on there:
https://github.com/exercism/v3/issues/212

All my exercises with their status.

**T**

_19:24_


For maintainers: Links to exercises that already exist for that track; and DJ's conncept grapher when he is able to complete it

**D**

_19:25_


🤗

_19:28_

E**S**


I took inspiration from tehshpinx and updated the C# list of concepts with links to exercises: https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/languages/csharp/reference/README.md#concepts Could also be useful

**S**

_19:29_


No idea

**GN**

_19:30_


That'd be perfect... list all the files!

_19:33_

E**S**


https://github.com/exercism/v3-dashboard

**D**

_19:34_


Don't worry. I'll shitreview those prs

**B**

_19:36_


I totally cribbed Erik and DJ.

**S**

_19:37_


the python slack channel has two really nice overview messages with links to everything that Bethany and David made

**S**

_19:37_


https://exercism-team.slack.com/archives/CC5DGSAG6/p1590395601127300

**D**

_19:37_


What is cribbing

**D**

_19:37_


🥺😁

**B**

_19:38_


@DJ cribbing is stealing or borrowing.

**D**

_19:38_


Hehehe

**D**

_19:38_


Go ahead!

_19:38_

E**S**


Sure!

**D**

_19:41_


Wanna quickly say something about problem-spec?

**S**

_19:42_


😬

_19:42_

E**S**


🔥

**D**

_19:45_


It holds a lot of ... "Fun" discussions

**T**

_19:45_


☠

T**R**

_19:45_


Hey gang

**S**

_19:46_


"4 reasons why problem-specs sucks and how we're fixing it" incoming? :P

E**S**

_19:47_

E**S**


Only 4 reasons? ;)

**B**

_19:47_


Bwhahaha.

**T**

_19:47_


🔥

**S**

_19:47_


gotta keep it short enough for youtube, just make a few sequels :P

E**S**

_19:47_

E**S**


:**D**


**T**

_19:48_


Needs to be more clickbaity "4 MORE REASONS WHY I'M QUITTING PROBLEM SPECS"

T**R**

_19:48_


"I QUIT MY PROBLEMS.....................

T**R**

_19:48_


(SPECS)

T**R**

_19:48_


"

**S**

_19:48_


"PR #12 will SHOCK you"

**D**

_19:51_


Bobobobobob

E**S**

_19:52_

E**S**


We do, but we had discussions whether things were optional :)

**D**

_19:52_


Yes we have optional for yes or no, but not for changing

**S**

_19:52_


(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻

T**R**

_19:52_


Flipping the table.

**T**

_19:52_


He's fliping the table

**T**

_19:52_


#ragequit

**S**

_19:53_


@DJ: no, it allows keys too, it's not a boolean

**D**

_19:53_


No. It allows you to say it's optional based on this property

**D**

_19:53_


Or whatevs :p

**D**

_19:53_


It doesn't allow you to inverse the test or something like that haha

**S**

_19:53_


ah okay

T**R**

_19:54_


Let's all hate Jeremy together!

**S**

_19:54_


what about the idea of "exercise owners" that you mentioned you and Erik discussed before?

**D**

_19:56_


Ah yes

**S**

_19:57_


It's never obviously in or out of scope

**D**

_19:57_


Obviously

**R**

_19:58_


Would it be easier to have a permanently open issue for each exercise in each track and the "owner" is assigned to it? Any user issues raised about it can be mentioned/linked to in the thread so they can action it. And reassignment in case of drop out (or incompetence) can be done easily.

**D**

_20:00_


⏳⌛

**R**

_20:00_


Ta. Last qtn, are there specific languages that need to be "ready" before V3 is launched?

**R**

_20:00_


Ta. Last qtn, are there specific languages that need to be "ready" before V3 is launched?

**D**

_20:04_


Jeremy the dictator

E**S**

_20:04_

E**S**


Erik the (benevolent) dictator?

E**S**

_20:04_

E**S**


;)

**S**

_20:05_


Gotta add him to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benevolent_dictator_for_life

**D**

_20:05_


Haha

**D**

_20:05_


Yes

E**S**

_20:05_

E**S**


Yes! 🕶

**D**

_20:08_


I think the biggest issue for me is that the problem spec keeps dictating the exercise instead of be a building block.

**S**

_20:08_


☝

M**S**

_20:09_


I look to problem spec as the *basis* for my track - i need to still translate to the proper idiom for my language

**D**

_20:10_


Yep..that's great!

**D**

_20:10_


That's not how those discussions go. But that's how it should be!

**D**

_20:10_


⌛⏳⌛⏳⌛⏳⌛⏳⌛⏳⌛⏳

**T**

_20:11_


(╯°□°)╯︵ ⏳

**D**

_20:11_


Someone should do the chat thing! Our Dutch chat saver isn't here I think?

**R**

_20:11_


Thanks Jeremy, catch everyone next time!

**D**

_20:11_


Babaha

E**S**

_20:11_

E**S**


I copied it already

**D**

_20:11_


Okay good

**D**

_20:11_


😁

**S**

_20:12_


(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ Tim

T**R**

_20:13_


👎

**S**

_20:13_


ಠ_ಠ

_20:14_

E**S**


https://v3.exercism.io/